An example of a bundle that creates and uses a secret scope (#83)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/job_read_secret/README.md

# Databricks job that reads a secret from a secret scope

This example demonstrates how to define a secret scope and a job with a task that reads from it in a Databricks Asset Bundle.

It includes and deploys an example secret scope, and a job with a task in a bundle that reads a secret from the secret scope to a Databricks workspace.

For more information about Databricks secrets, see the [documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/security/secrets).

## Prerequisites

* Databricks CLI v0.252.0 or above

## Usage

Modify `databricks.yml`:
* Update the `host` field under `workspace` to the Databricks workspace to deploy to

Run `databricks bundle deploy` to deploy the bundle.

> Run a script to write a secret to the secret scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this script to write a secret to the secret scope. Databricks CLI commands run from inside the bundle root directory use the same authentication credentials as the bundle:
```

```
SECRET_SCOPE_NAME=$(databricks bundle summary -o json | jq -r '.resources.secret_scopes.my_secret_scope.name')

> databricks secrets put-secret ${SECRET_SCOPE_NAME} example-key --string-value example-value --profile ${DATABRICKS_PROFILE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
databricks secrets put-secret ${SECRET_SCOPE_NAME} example-key --string-value example-value
```

No need to specify profile since the bundle does not talk about it. By default CLI commands will use the same auth context as the bundle.

# Databricks job that reads a secret from a secret scope

> This example demonstrates how to define a secret scope and a job/task that reads from it in a Databricks Asset Bundle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to define a secret scope and a job with a task that reads from it in a Databricks Asset Bundle.
```

> It includes and deploys an example secret scope, a job managed by DABs and a task that reads a secret from the secret scope to a Databricks workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It includes and deploys an example secret scope, and a job with a task in a bundle that reads a secret from the secret scope to a Databricks workspace.
```

> For more information about Databricks Secrets, please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/security/secrets).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about Databricks secrets, see the [documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/security/secrets).
```

## Prerequisites

* Databricks CLI v0.252.0 or above

## Usage

Modify `databricks.yml`:
* Update the `host` field under `workspace` to the Databricks workspace to deploy to.

> * Change the name of the secret scope under the `secret_scopes` field.

Author: This is just to suggest to change the name of the scope to something more specific to the end user's bundle. But i can drop this line from README if it is not helpful

> * Change the name of the secret scope under the `secret_scopes` field.

Reviewer: It reads as being required to use the example. Removing it does simplify the example.

> * Change the name of the secret scope under the `secret_scopes` field.

Reviewer 2: I agree that it feels like it's required so I'd remove it.

> * Change the name of the secret scope under the `secret_scopes` field.

Author: removed.
